I'm going to ask Huang An to deal with the problem.
Chu Fan, you haven't realized the reality yet
Do you think
As long as you keep pretending
Our Jiang family will continue to work hard
Do you know
You stand here unrepentant
shameless
Really ridiculous
Brother-in-law, what do you mean by that?
This black card is measured for you by Skylark International.
Tailored
You bet it!
Hahahaha ok
Since you want to play
But I don't want to play with you to the end, come and swipe the card
Sorry sir, you don't need to think about it.
Hahahaha
Did you hear that?
Your tailor-made card
Why can't people recognize it?
His authority is not enough
Call your supervisor over
Take it with his poison
Chu Fan, when are you going to make trouble?
You're still not ashamed enough to be here, are you?
I just told you.
As long as you bow your head and admit your mistake
Our Jiang family will not pass
But why do you insist on going your own way?
Make things impossible
I'm going my own way
Isn't it?
Oh brother-in-law
You said we were here today
Then do I have to have a drink with him?
That's right, come on
Brother-in-law, I have to toast you with this cup.
Ah!
Hahaha, this bottle of wine is worth millions.
I don't think you can afford it either.
But this table of dishes
I'd like to watch it today
You can afford it.
I'll help him get up